<h3>high-level approach:</h3>
<p>The idea behind my design is to parse the operation input, then to use a series of if-statements according to what the operation was in order to create the socket and perform the correct actions. My original implementation idea was to use a hashmap that linked the operations to their respective functions. While this approach seemed more elegant, it was also more confusing and complex to implement, especially for someone who had barely written any network code before.</p>

<h3>challenges:</h3>
<p>The biggest challenge that I faced was with moving and copying directories. The actual process of copying and moving files was not too difficult (just reading/writing and changing into binary). The harder part was parsing through the inputs that came with the cp and mv operations and trying to keep track of what to input into my helpers. My early implementations usually failed not because the files were being read wrong, but because I passed in a url where it should have been a path, or because I mixed up which input should be the remote and which should be the local one.</p>

<h3>testing:</h3>
<p>I did not write any explicit tests for this project. Most of my testing came from the command line, where I just manually inputted arguments to test if the operations were working correctly. For example, to test rmdir and mkdir, I first tested that ls was working correctly, then called mkdir, checked that the directory was indeed there with ls, then removed it again and make sure that it was deleted. I something similar with rm, cp, and mv. I also had print statements at various points in my code so I could see if functions were working properly. For example, I print 'successfully initialized' in my initialize() function to make sure all the commands I sent (MODE, STRU, etc.) were actually executed.</p>